well does the third day of the second
week of groups with coverage presented
by mobile it exciting right now by
Carson as well as Christine who's gonna
help translate Karsa you know I know is
very disappointing
worlds for you you guys only had one
wind out of the six games you know how's
the team holding up right now for each
you know moochin tendre need a chief and
that I said to me I'm sure she wasn't
really the whole Ian Ian you're truly I
don't you tell me about since right oh
it some thought I found someone hiding
so he so she won't enjoy how the G way I
think our last game was a good finish to
our this world even though we weren't
able to perform really well in our first
five games plus we weren't able to you
know use what we did during scrims I do
feel really sad but in our last game we
did feel less pressure and was able to
go all the way out how were scripts for
your team did you guys find a lot of
success there and then was it just hard
to translate that on stage or did it
just feel like you guys were not at the
level of the other teams throughout the
tournament and also in practice she's on
she's your corner bar to hold out
besides I sang song a high school in
Georgia has a sound Twitter so your
hundred tsujido can how many that it's
hard to him as a to us sister which is
reached a tripping podiatrist to can sit
down shots on college or joining home
pizza in the home just Virginians have
just a session inside even TAS who they
share Judah has some Gmail centerpieces
Ameen I'd say that overall in our group
each team is pretty close to each other
in terms of strength but we weren't able
to bring what we practice at the scrims
to over to stay so I think that's where
we didn't do well and you were able to
beat TSM just now I have to ask since
they were the only team that you were
able to beat what is your assessment of
their strength on your motion sorta by
TSM non each other Taman hundred on
Denise's
tonari here's an something Tito
salmon-challis
how much and Sicilian to the emergency
student high-roller woman she's a DS
hung these all these honey mm ESS all my
changes into the dials to the Tom
Hammond take our tongs and lighting the
in Dobis I don't change it when we
abolish Ruby then I say that overall
there's still a strong team but they
have weaker early game so in our last in
our first game against them we were able
to hold that Vantage but they came back
with mid game teamfights so I think
overall they're a strong team but has
weaker early game were you when you
prepared for TSM did you specifically
prepare a very strong early game so that
you could exploit them or did you
prepare similar to the first week that
the zombies out there are tears I'm not
Sonia my auto bits on a salmon 10gb our
roads are at the entry to be Pima has
has its concern but that younger Dafa
she's a woman three times just a charity
and because the song saw you put the
country almost and d300 is one hand :
how are you Jelena couldn't distinction
instrumentation as soon as I said oh me
was writing job just since that sound
phone so people don't and you kind of
was giving everything a shot in our last
game because
MMD is strong i playing tank champions
but we never practiced Renekton in our
scrim so it was kind of like let's just
give it a shot now back to flash wolves
after this disappointing tournament you
know what are the chances that you think
that roster will be able to stay
together or do you think that we will
see big changes for the team next year
shall I just transforming that song well
and I depend on my has to you know so
much I'm tensed you guys have been doing
well
shuto usual grand this is Diana statue
those hands the institution just she's
answering your bio not sure that one
just went under yards I can get an idea
do more grant I think it's a comedian
I'd say that there won't be too many big
changes coming up the five of us would
say I would say that we're irreplaceable
in LMS in some way so I
overall we as a team will have to
improve better to you know perform
better you know looking at your team
right now and also seeing TSM struggle
it is interesting because both examples
of teams that perform very very well in
their region but then did not do as well
internationally what do you think of
that situation where some teams can do
so well in their own region but suffer
internationally here's some gunmen you
idiot laser just like when I brush in
her face haha that's it lighthouse
Suharto quick
sorry audience don't know until you
change the setting you're so much young
farmer dissertation means how to under
its tell me how a giant a twenty
mattresses inside such retarded that's
why I don't you don't IP this is
rebooting yo-yo young so you can Hammond
don't good humping just a woman ticket
on me I don't want a man our adjustments
to the current meta is definitely
something that you know I see both teams
struggle with like it might work in your
region but to other regions it might not
work so you know adjusting to the matter
of finding the correct metas is
definitely something important well
Karsa it's always been so great to see
flash wolves show up at all these
different tournaments and I am sorry to
see you were unable to advance towards
the quarterfinals is there anything that
you would like to say to any of the fans
just go Mississippians and there's a
face on the blackhawk Oh mr. hunter I'm
sorry that I let the fans down and we
didn't we really didn't perform all this
time so I'm very very sorry
well Karsa thank you so much for the
interview and Christine thank you for
transiting for when also you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel I want to thank you all so much
for the kind words and support about my
videos here in China I've been trying to
put out a ton of great stuff and you
know what it wouldn't be possible if it
wasn't for my sponsor MOBA lytx they are
all about helping you try to get better
at League of Legends by identifying your
personal strengths and weaknesses and
you can actually check them out over at
mobile EKGs / Travis there
also running a great giveaway that's in
the description of this video so feel
free to check them out